hey everybody welcome back to my channel
today's video I'll be sharing with you
my what's in the colours a diaper bag
now keep in mind that taeju my son is 15
month old already so the things that
inside of this bag it's like way
different than when he was a newborn so
yeah if you guys wanted to see what's in
my toddler's diaper bag then just keep
on watching so first things first I want
to share with you guys the exterior part
of this bag so in this front pocket
right here this is usually where I keep
all of my personal stuff which I will
get in details in a second so as you
guys can see it has this gold zipper
detailing all throughout the bag which I
really really like the color is like
shiny black it's very very mean it also
comes with like these two side pockets
where I usually store my personal stuff
or any water bottle and then it also
comes with this long adjustable strap
which is really really handy and the
reason why I like this bag so yeah
that's the exterior part now in this
clip you guys I'm gonna show you the
inferior part of the bag if any of you
guys are interested as you guys can see
it comes with this zipper pocket from
the other side which I can put a lot of
stuff in it also has like a two side
pockets as well in the inside and on the
other side it just have this on button
or snap up bottom pockets which really
really huge at the same time and then a
small side pockets as well also one of
the reason why I love this bag is
because it also comes with this changing
a diaper mat or diaper pad as you guys
can see which I know everybody Amadeus
comes with it anyway but I just love
this one because it's black it's big and
after this date I still use this one
every time I need to change pages diaper
whenever we're outside so yeah one more
you guys I just want to share this
insert that I got from toad savvy if
ever you have the same bag as I do you
definitely made the insert like this you
have to stay organized because as you
guys can see this is not that well
structured bag so finding stuff that you
really can be hassle and takes a lot of
time if you're not really organized what
I love about this insert is that it's so
easy to take in and out of the bag and
it really helps me to stay organized and
then find stuff so easy without hassle
if you guys wanted me to do I end up
with you about this insert I would
definitely do it for you guys just
comment down below and yeah if any of
you guys are interested in purchasing it
this bag of a definite link down on a
similar below because I don't think it's
still available in the market okay so
now let me show you the thing that I
have in my talk aside in the bag
first thing that I have here is this
patina right here that I got from Amazon
this is called a single formula
dispenser because it has this like
circular opening right here that you can
easily like put in your sippy cup or
like a bottle it's really really handy
it's also less messy I saw here like a
backup pacifier at the top I don't know
if you guys can see that and then snacks
Cheerios which is like a kid's favorite
it's not and then cheese of the formula
so I really like this also have a water
bar oh of course not only for kg but for
me I'm not gonna back up all cages
pacifier I think it is just like the
woman ah yeah
the giraffe webinar another snacks I
just have the tippy toes will rock bikes
this is Paige's favorite snack so I
always have this one in my diaper bag
another snack which is like this
feasible food and yogurt like it's like
in the pack I just have like a backup
clean clothes for kg just in case you
get messy when the eat outside
that is how look short here and then
this little pink top that says little
hunk oh okay I also have this I don't
know what to call this to be honest I
think you look like an eight prong or
like uh look you know when you eat
somebody if you don't get messy or you
don't get stained your clothes sorry I
don't know how or what it called but
this is what it looks like it I bought
this from Amazon as well so I always
have this one because think you can be
messy
I'm telling ya just have this burp cloth
that about like last year I still look
carry this with me because he's still
drool sometimes because it's still
kicking so it's always handy to have
this I just have a sanitizer this is
from Bath & Body Works which is not so
good oh I just have oh my god a pack of
wipes this is not a thermometer because
you never know I also have the big wide
eye justice for Kjus face oh my god get
in here I don't know why but I'm happy
that this one right here this is the Arm
& Hammer trash bag this is where I put
like hey just world a diaper or like in
case he juice clothes got dirty I'll
just I can just easily put it in this
like trash bag so I just have a pack of
cages a diaper I didn't just like fun
this is just like from pampers hey juicy
peacock this is the Nook um sippy cup
yeah this is a just favorite city cop
ever tried a million and then this is
the only one that she likes so that's
that okay oh I have this um Tylenol or
acetaminophen for cases just in case and
then
that's dingy strange um just in case you
know it could you suddenly got a fever I
have like a medicine already in hand so
yeah that's everything from me
so all of my personal stuff are like in
there or either on this side pocket my
wallet the keys of course I also have my
car keys I have the lotion from the back
up but and Body Works that's that I have
my phone force I have our like Christmas
photo in here I have a little front and
benefit bruised by the saw um which is
my favorite I love you can see that oh
dear this is just like a gift from my
mother-in-law just like that's me oh I
also have a mini Marc Jacobs and bacey
perfume I have another side Kaiser for
you guys or also from Bath and Body
Works I think this is like a warm
vanilla sugar smells so yummy
and then the last thing I have is this
matte of those lipstick from NYX that ah
and then I have a coin that's empty
let's see I have something and on this
side nothing oh I have my shades here
wow it's all empty so that concludes
this video you guys please subscribe to
my channel if you haven't already like
this video if you do like it and I will
definitely see you guys on my next one
[Music]
see